My lord, he has rejected your offer for a fourth time.
Gisham, it's time to implement your plan.
Tobaya, write this down.
Among the nations, it has been heard.
And Gisham is also saying that you and the Jews
are scheming to rebel.
That is why you are building the wall.
Yes?
Give this to Nehemiah.
Tell your master.
None of the things you are saying have taken place.
You are making them up out of your own imagination.
They're bluffing.
They're trying to frighten us in the stopping the work.
Yes, they know that the king won't change his decree.
But believe me, they won't stop.
Jehovah, I pray strengthen my hands.
What can we do to stop him?
We don't have much time.
The wall is almost complete.
San Ballet.
I think I know a way.
Shemaya, you call for me?
Yes.
You are in great danger.
And so am I, because I know about it.
Talk sense, man. What danger?
They're coming to kill you.
By night, we must go into the temple and close the doors.
Shemaya, should a man like me run away?
You don't understand.
No.
What would that do to the spirit of the entire nation?
It's the only safe place.
Besides, I'm not a priest.
If I entered the temple, that would be valid reason to kill me.
I will not go in.
That decision would be foolish, Nehemiah.
Oh, I see.
Tobiah and San Ballet put you up to this.
Didn't they, you hypocrite?
May Jehovah remember them.
And all of you false prophets who keep trying to frighten me.
Come, Henei, we have work to do.
We just kept working day and night.
But before we knew it, we were finishing the very last section of the wall.
The impossible.
He discovered something we had lost.
It's two days.